#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

GenieShout is a Shout box to make open chat between a closed group. Primarily configured to get the details from a PHP web server and can be used inside a closed LAN. 


= Details =

<h2>Downloads</h2>
<p>Download latest version of GenieShout from <a href="http://code.google.com/p/genieshout/downloads/list">Google Code</a>.</p>
<h2>Installation</h2>
<h3>Prerequisites</h3>
<p>Adobe AIR 2.5 or greater is needed to install the GenieShout. You can get the Adobe AIR from <a href="http://get.adobe.com/air/">Here</a>.</p>
<h3>Steps - Server Side</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Download and install the SSICode.exe from the downloads section.</li>
  <li>Copy the files in the SSICode folder named "genieshout" to a Web server, which supports the PHP.</li>
  <li>By default the Group name will be "general". To add a new group add a entry to "groupNames.itg" as new line in the format "GroupID##!##GroupName". The group name will ne listed automatically in the login window of the applicaiton on successful server configuration.</li>
  <li>Logs and other files will be automatically updated in the server context.</li>
</ul>
<h3>Steps - Client Side</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Install the GenieShout.air file downloaded.</li>
  <li>Keyin the Server IP address in the first configuration window.</li>
  <li>On successful configuration of the server the default "General" group name will be shown. If the group names are updated in the server, it will be updated in login page.</li>
</ul>